doc: clarify kernel configuration usage in our repo (#5104)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: docs/kernel-policy.md

### Host Kernel

| Host kernel | Min. version | Min. end of support | | ----------: |
-----------: | ------------------: | | v5.10 | v1.0.0 | 2024-01-31 | | v6.1 |

> v1.5.0 | 2025-10-12 |

Reviewer: I know some mdformatter prefers this format but it makes it difficult to read as text.

Author: autoformatter kicked in. Should be fixed now

> v1.5.0 | 2025-10-12 |

Reviewer 2: These are looking broken. Seems you missed `\n`.

Author: sorry about that, that's my mdformatter changing things without me asking it to. Will fix

[here](../resources/guest_configs/) while a breakdown of the relevant guest
kernel modules can be found in the next section.

We use these configurations to build microVM-specific kernels vended by Amazon

> Linux. microVM kernels source code are published in Amazon Linux

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Linux. microVM kernel source code is published in the Amazon Linux
```
